[doc] fix one comment for experiment-tracking user guide (#54605)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/train/user-guides/experiment-tracking.rst

                # Step 3
                if train.get_context().get_world_rank() == 0:

>                     # Only report the results from the first worker to W&B to avoid duplication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    # Only report the results from the rank 0 worker to W&B to avoid duplication.
```

Author: Thanks! done.
